Update Beatmap Ranking Procedure (#1946)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Submission/Beatmap_Ranking_Procedure/en.md

## Nominations 

In order for a beatmapset to be eligible for a nomination, it must have at least 5 hypes. Hypes can be obtained by having other users hype your beatmap in the Discussion page of the map, or under the map's description. Once a beatmap has at least 5 hypes, a BN can nominate it if they feel it meets two conditions:

1.  The beatmapset meets the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).
2.  The beatmapset meets overall quality standards that are not part of the Ranking Criteria.

## Nomination Reset

Updating a nominated beatmapset will cause the nomination count to be reset. This means it will need to be nominated again. Alternatively, a nomination can be reset by another BN or QAT, if either the beatmapset does not follow one or more rules in the Ranking Criteria or the BN has issues with the quality of the map. If a beatmapset is reset due to quality standards not part of the Ranking Criteria, then it is called a veto. Vetoes are dealt with mediation by the QAT. 

> *Note: In the case of a minor change to a nominated beatmapset, then the BN can nominate the beatmapset again immediately, but in the case of a veto, a decision from the QAT needs to be done before the map is allowed to be nominated again.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: In the case of a minor change to a nominated beatmapset, the BN can nominate the beatmapset again immediately, but in the case of a veto, a decision from the QAT needs to be made before the map is allowed to be nominated again.*
```

# Beatmap Ranking Procedure

> When a [beatmapset](/wiki/Glossary/#beatmapset) is first submitted, it is placed in the Pending or Work in Progress beatmap section. These maps are referred to as "unranked". Unranked maps do not have a scoreboard and move to the Graveyard section after a 28 day period of inactivity. The beatmapset can be moved to the Ranked section after going through the beatmap ranking process. This process involves receiving nominations and reaching the Qualified section.

Reviewer 2: I think `category` is a correct or better term than `section`.
```suggestion
When a [beatmapset](/wiki/Glossary/#beatmapset) is first submitted, it is placed in the Pending or WIP beatmap category. These maps are referred to as "unranked". Unranked maps do not have a scoreboard and will be moved to the Graveyard category after a 28 day period of inactivity. The beatmapset can be moved to the Ranked category after going through the beatmap ranking process. This process involves receiving nominations and reaching the Qualified category.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Remove the extra line.
```suggestion
```

## Nominations 

> In order for a beatmapset to receive a nomination, it must follow and be in accordance with the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria) and must have at least 5 hypes. Hypes can be obtained by having other users hype your beatmap in the Discussion page of the map, or under the map's description. Once a beatmap has at least 5 hypes, a BN can nominate it if they feel it meets two conditions:

Reviewer 2: Ranking Criteria already will be listed as one of the BN's conditions in the bottom.
```suggestion
In order for a beatmapset to be eligible for a nomination, it must have at least 5 hypes. Hypes can be obtained by having other users hype your beatmap in the Discussion page of the map, or under the map's description. Once a beatmap has at least 5 hypes, a BN can nominate it if they feel it meets two conditions:
```

1.  The beatmapset meets the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).
2.  The beatmapset meets overall quality standards that are not part of the Ranking Criteria.

## Nomination Reset

Updating a nominated beatmapset will cause the nomination count to be reset. This means it will need to be nominated again. Alternatively, a nomination can be reset by another BN or QAT, if either the beatmapset does not follow one or more rules in the Ranking Criteria or the BN has issues with the quality of the map. If a beatmapset is reset due to quality standards not part of the Ranking Criteria, then it is called a veto. Vetoes are dealt with mediation by the QAT. 

> Note: In the case of a minor change to a nominated beatmapset, then the BN can nominate the beatmapset again immediately, but in the case of a veto, a decision from the QAT needs to be done before the map is allowed to be nominated again.

Reviewer 2: Italicize notes.
```suggestion
*Note: In the case of a minor change to a nominated beatmapset, then the BN can nominate the beatmapset again immediately, but in the case of a veto, a decision from the QAT needs to be done before the map is allowed to be nominated again.*
```

> ## Qualified and Ranked Sections

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Qualified and Ranked Categories
```

Author: Will keep Sections, as that is the terminology used in the Ranking Criteria, and other mapping related wiki pages, like the BN rules https://celerih.s-ul.eu/5FwcjlJy.png

> Once a beatmapset reaches two nominations, it will reach the Qualified section. While in the Qualified section, the map will gain a leaderboard, but will not award [Performance Points](/wiki/Performance_Points). The reason two Beatmap Nominators are required to check a beatmapset is because human beings make mistakes, and this greatly reduces the likelihood of a map making it through the ranking system with a drastic error. If a beatmap gets qualified but an unrankable issue is found or improvements to the beatmap have been proposed and accepted, then the beatmapset will be disqualified by a QAT member. This resets the nominations on the map. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once a beatmapset reaches two nominations, it will reach the Qualified category. While in the Qualified category, the map will gain a leaderboard, but will not award [Performance Points](/wiki/Performance_Points). The reason two Beatmap Nominators are required to check a beatmapset is because human beings make mistakes, and this greatly reduces the likelihood of a map making it through the ranking system with a drastic error. If a beatmap gets qualified but an unrankable issue is found or improvements to the beatmap have been proposed and accepted, then the beatmapset will be disqualified by a QAT member. This resets the nominations on the map. 
```

> Once a map is in the Qualified section for around 7 days, it will be automatically moved to the Ranked section. If a map is disqualified, the 7 day timer is not reset, meaning if a map is disqualified after 4 days, once it is qualified again it will need 3 days before being moved to ranked. After the map has been moved to the Ranking Section, it will be there permanently and the map will award [Performance Points](/wiki/Performance_Points).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once a map is in the Qualified category for around 7 days, it will be automatically moved to the Ranked category. If a map is disqualified, the 7 day timer is not reset, meaning if a map is disqualified after 4 days, once it is qualified again it will need 3 days before being moved to ranked. After the map has been moved to the Ranking category, it will be there permanently and the map will award [Performance Points](/wiki/Performance_Points).
```

> Beatmap Ranking Procedure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Beatmap Ranking Procedure
```

> ============================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

When a [beatmapset](/wiki/Glossary/#beatmapset) is first submitted, it is placed in the Pending or Work in Progress beatmap section. These maps are referred to as "unranked". Unranked maps do not have a scoreboard and move to the Graveyard section after a 28 day period of inactivity. The beatmapset can be moved to the Ranked section after going through the beatmap ranking process. This process involves receiving nominations and reaching the Qualified section.

> Nominations 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Nominations 
```

> --------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer 3: remove this line

Reviewer 3: oh wait, add an empty line between 4 and 5

> --------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

In order for a beatmapset to receive a nomination, it must follow and be in accordance with the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria) and must have at least 5 hypes. Hypes can be obtained by having other users hype your beatmap in the Discussion page of the map, or under the map's description. Once a beatmap has at least 5 hypes, a BN can nominate it if they feel it meets two conditions:

1.  The beatmapset meets the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).
2.  The beatmapset meets overall quality standards that are not part of the Ranking Criteria.

> Nomination Reset

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Nomination Reset
```

> ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Updating a nominated beatmapset will cause the nomination count to be reset. This means it will need to be nominated again. Alternatively, a nomination can be reset by another BN or QAT, if either the beatmapset does not follow one or more rules in the Ranking Criteria or the BN has issues with the quality of the map. If a beatmapset is reset due to quality standards not part of the Ranking Criteria, then it is called a veto. Vetos are dealt with mediation by the QAT. 

Reviewer 2: `Vetos` -> `Vetoes`
```suggestion
Updating a nominated beatmapset will cause the nomination count to be reset. This means it will need to be nominated again. Alternatively, a nomination can be reset by another BN or QAT, if either the beatmapset does not follow one or more rules in the Ranking Criteria or the BN has issues with the quality of the map. If a beatmapset is reset due to quality standards not part of the Ranking Criteria, then it is called a veto. Vetoes are dealt with mediation by the QAT. 
```

> Note: In the case of a minor change to a nominated beatmapset, then the BN can nominate the beatmapset again immediatly, but in the case of a veto, a decision from the QAT needs to be done before the map is allowed to be nominated again.

Reviewer 2: `immediatly` -> `immediately`
```suggestion
Note: In the case of a minor change to a nominated beatmapset, then the BN can nominate the beatmapset again immediately, but in the case of a veto, a decision from the QAT needs to be done before the map is allowed to be nominated again.
```

> Qualified and Ranked Sections

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Qualified and Ranked Sections
```

> -------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Once a beatmapset reaches two nominations, it will reach the Qualified section. While in the Qualified section, the map will gain a leaderboard, but will not award [Performance Points](/wiki/Performance_Points). The reason two Beatmap Nominators are required to check a beatmapset is because human beings make mistakes, and this greatly reduces the likelyhood of a map making it through the ranking system with a drastic error. If a beatmap gets qualified but an unrankable issue is found or improvements to the beatmap have been proposed and accepted, then the beatmapset will be disqualified by a QAT member. This resets the nominations on the map. 

Reviewer 2: `likelyhood` -> `likelihood`
```suggestion
Once a beatmapset reaches two nominations, it will reach the Qualified section. While in the Qualified section, the map will gain a leaderboard, but will not award [Performance Points](/wiki/Performance_Points). The reason two Beatmap Nominators are required to check a beatmapset is because human beings make mistakes, and this greatly reduces the likelihood of a map making it through the ranking system with a drastic error. If a beatmap gets qualified but an unrankable issue is found or improvements to the beatmap have been proposed and accepted, then the beatmapset will be disqualified by a QAT member. This resets the nominations on the map. 
```

Beatmap Ranking Procedure
============================

> When a beatmapset is first made, it is in the Pending or Work in Progress sections. These maps are referred to as "unranked". Unranked maps do not have a scoreboard and go to the Graveyard section after a 28 day period of inactivity. In order for a map to have a scoreboard and to be moved to the "Ranked" section, a map must go through the beatmap ranking process. First it must get nominated twice to get qualified and then ranked after around 7 days in the Qualified section. Only BNs and QATs can bubble and subsequently rank a beatmap.

Reviewer 4: When a beatmapset is first submitted, it is placed in the Pending or Work in Progress beatmap section. These maps are referred to as "unranked". Unranked maps do not have a scoreboard and move to the Graveyard section after a 28 day period of inactivity. The beatmapset can be moved to the Ranked section after going through the beatmap ranking process. This process involves receiving two nominations from a BN or QAT, and subsequently surviving in the Qualified section for around 7 days.
```suggestion
When a beatmapset is first made, it is in the Pending or Work in Progress sections. These maps are referred to as "unranked". Unranked maps do not have a scoreboard and go to the Graveyard section after a 28 day period of inactivity. In order for a map to have a scoreboard and to be moved to the "Ranked" section, a map must go through the beatmap ranking process. First it must get nominated twice to get qualified and then ranked after around 7 days in the Qualified section. Only BNs and QATs can bubble and subsequently rank a beatmap.
```

Nominations 
--------------------------------------------------------------------

> In order for a [beatmapset](/wiki/Glossary/#beatmapset) to receive a nomination, it must follow and be in accordance with the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria) and must have at least 5 hypes. Hypes can be opbtained by having other users hype your beatmap in the Discussion page of the map, or under the map's description. Once a beatmap has at least 5 hypes, a BN can nominate it if they feel it meets two conditions:

Reviewer 4: should move or add these links to the intro post

Author: done, thanks for the suggestion

> In order for a [beatmapset](/wiki/Glossary/#beatmapset) to receive a nomination, it must follow and be in accordance with the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria) and must have at least 5 hypes. Hypes can be opbtained by having other users hype your beatmap in the Discussion page of the map, or under the map's description. Once a beatmap has at least 5 hypes, a BN can nominate it if they feel it meets two conditions:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In order for a [beatmapset](/wiki/Glossary/#beatmapset) to receive a nomination, it must follow and be in accordance with the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria) and must have at least 5 hypes. Hypes can be obtained by having other users hype your beatmap in the Discussion page of the map, or under the map's description. Once a beatmap has at least 5 hypes, a BN can nominate it if they feel it meets two conditions:
```

1.  The beatmapset meets the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).
2.  The beatmapset meets overall quality standards that are not part of the Ranking Criteria.

Nomination Reset
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Updating a nominated beatmapset will cause the nomination count to be reset. This means it will need to be nominated again. Alternatively, a nomination can be reset by another BN or QAT, if either the beatmapset does not follow one or more rules in the Ranking Criteria or the BN has issues with the quality of the map. If a beatmapset is reset due to quality standards not part of the Ranking Criteria, then it is called a veto. Vetos are dealt with mediation by the QAT. 

Note: In the case of a minor change to a nominated beatmapset, then the BN can nominate the beatmapset again immediatly, but in the case of a veto, a decision from the QAT needs to be done before the map is allowed to be nominated again.

Qualified and Ranked Sections
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Once a beatmapset reaches two nominations, it will reach the Qualified section. While in the Qualified seciton, the map will gain a leaderboard, but will not award [Performance Points](/wiki/Performance_Points). The reason two Beatmap Nominators are required to check a map is because human beings make mistakes, and this greatly reduces the likelyhood of a map making it through the ranking system with a drastic error. If a map gets qualified but an unrankable issue is found or improvements to be beatmapset have been proposed and accepted, then it will be disqualified by a QAT member. This resets the nominations on the map. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Once a beatmapset reaches two nominations, it will reach the Qualified section. While in the Qualified section, the map will gain a leaderboard, but will not award [Performance Points](/wiki/Performance_Points). The reason two Beatmap Nominators are required to check a beatmapset is because human beings make mistakes, and this greatly reduces the likelyhood of a map making it through the ranking system with a drastic error. If a beatmap gets qualified but an unrankable issue is found or improvements to the beatmapset have been proposed and accepted, then it will be disqualified by a QAT member. This resets the nominations on the map. 
```
